michel holding :-
 
 The autobiography of West Indies fast-bowling legend turned Sky pundit, Michael Holding.

As a commentator and administrator, Holding has delivered his views on cricket in the same manner that he played the game: he speaks softly with a rich Jamaican rhythm and is calculated in either criticism or compliment. NO HOLDING BACK charts his effortless transition from one of the great players to one of the great pundits.

Holding graphically describes his days as a player, looking back at how he tried to deliberately hurt batsmen on the wastelands of Kingston and his first match for Jamaica when he almost collapsed from exhaustion - after only four overs.

Holding tackles why West Indies have slipped following their halcyon days, openly assesses Brian Lara and laments the hypocrisy over the state of the game in the region.

Long walk for freedom:-
Long Walk to Freedom is an autobiography credited to South African President Nelson Mandela. 
It was ghostwritten by Richard Stengel and first published in 1994 by Little Brown & Co.
The book profiles his early life, coming of age, education and 27 years spent in prison.
 Under the apartheid government, Mandela was regarded as a terrorist and jailed on the infamous Robben Island for his 
 role as a leader of the then-outlawed African National Congress (ANC) and its armed wing the Umkhonto We Sizwe.
 He later achieved international recognition for his leadership as president in rebuilding the country's once segregation
 ist society. The last chapters of the book describe his political ascension and his belief that the struggle still continued against apartheid in South Africa.
 author :- nelson mandela
 
the world as i see :-
author :- albert einsitn
he World as I See It is a book by Albert Einstein translated from the German by A. Harris and published in 1935 by John Lane The Bodley Head (London).
The original German book is Mein Weltbild by Albert Einstein, first published in 1934 by Rudolf Kayser, with an essential extended edition published by Carl Seelig in 1954.Composed of assorted articles, addresses, 
letters, interviews and pronouncements, it includes Einstein's opinions on the meaning of life, ethics, science, society, religion, and politics.

